In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Eden Academy's Designated Uniform Retailers)
99.5 cm...
Anya's got 2 mm taller than before!
Probably just an error, right?
Who can tell?
Children are so quick
in growing up, after all.
Right they are.
Then I guess we'll just make it
a bit bigger in case she grows taller.
But still... I can't believe
you're married already, Yor.
You could've told me when
you visited us the other day, though!
I'm sorry... for not letting
you know back then.
And your daughter's going
to the prestigious Eden, too!
Congrats.
Thank very much.
Are you an Eden alumnus too, Sir?
No.
I went to a third-rate school
in the countryside...
Oh, you should be careful, then.
Eden really upholds traditional values,
and I heard there are barriers between
alumni and non-alumni parents,
and that gives birth to discrimination
and bullying among the children.
There's also the case of violence
by scholarship students,
and the discord between boarding
students and commuting students...
Huh... Looks like commuting students are
frequently kidnapped these days, too.
Only the rich are able
to go to Eden, after all.
Anya won't be going to school.
Huh?!
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
There are also lots of
fun things there, so it's okay!
Okay, we're done here.
So... your orders are a uniform set,
a winter coat, and a sweater vest.
That makes it three, then.
Since you're a regular customer,
we'll have them ready fast.
Oh, you can find other required items
in the shop in the corner of the street.
That's a lot of money.
Hm? What's wrong?
I'm scared of kidnappers.
Oh, really?
Getting to it already, aren't you?
Do you mind if we eat outside today, Yor?
Sure!
No kidnapper in restaurant?
Here's our recommendation for today:
Pork sauté with powpaw sauce and porcini,
and potato potage.
Po?
Looks delicious.
Code P, huh.
A call for briefing, I see.
Five days from now at
13:00 in Safe House D.
Roger that.
But they really need to
stop contacting me like this.
It's kind of bugging me.
(5 Days Later)
Yes.
Oh, hello.
Oh, they're done already?
All right.
We'll come by to pick them up today.
See you, then.
My uniform's done?!
Looks like it.
However, today's the day for briefing.
Sorry to trouble you, Yor,
but could you take Anya
with you there as well?
I've got work to do.
Of course.
Leave it to me.
I might be coming home late,
so feel free to order
something for dinner tonight.
Okay.
Safe trip.
Good afternoon,
(WISE Administrator, Sylvia Sherwood)
or good evening, agent Twilight.
(Nickname: Handler)
Hello, Handler.
What's the business?
Before that...
What's up with the high
expense the other day?!
Castle and royal furniture rental fees?!
You trying to screw
with our wise budget?!
And here are some additional invoices.
School admission is
a lot of work, I suppose.
I commend your bravery for
handing those nonchalantly.
These and those are
necessary expenses.
Fine, then.
So...
We'd like to confirm the execution for
Phase 2 of Operation Strix with you.
Though, I don't think a wise
agent like you would need this.
Well...
I've been leaving things
to chance lately, so...
Phase 2: The Social Gathering.
For the purpose of this briefing,
we'll review the system in Eden.
Eden College.
Around 2,500 students are
admitted to this school.
With a total of 13 grades
from 6 to 19 years of age.
Scholarship, sports, and arts.
It's a top-class educational
institution excelling in various fields.
And the best and most talented students
are hand-picked in that elite school.
They are the scholarship students,
dubbed the Imperial Scholars.
In order for you to attend
Desmond's social gathering,
your daughter must be part
of this Imperial Scholars.
And in order for your daughter
to become a scholarship student,
she must gather eight medals
of merit, dubbed the Stella Stars.
The medals are awarded
for outstanding academic performance
and contribution to society.
In other words,
you must first raise your daughter
until she becomes an honour student.
Feel free to use any means
necessary to achieve this.
And in contrast,
your daughter will be
awarded the Tonitrus Bolts
for poor academic
performances and misconducts.
Gather eight of these, and it's
instant expulsion for her, so be careful.
- Now for the detailed plan discussion...
- Raise her to become an honour student...
The kid's nothing but a source of concern.
Does Anya look cute in a uniform?
So cute, so cute!
Let's go to a photo studio later!
Baa!
Does Anya look cute?
So cute, so cute!
Just go home already, will you?
That's ten times already.
Anya wants to go for a wok with this!
Let's do it, then!
Come again!
La-la-la-la-la~
Should we visit the park as well?
It's Anya in a uniform!
Baa!
What a cute daughter you have.
She's going to Eden?
Wow, I'm so jealous...
Oh... hello.
Mom, I'm hungry.
What do you want for lunch?
Salisbury steak!
So you prefer your old mama, huh!
I want to be with them forever!
I know that we're just a fake family...
But...
I wonder if I...
...could act like a proper mother for her?
Mother!
Anya has shown Anya's
cuteness to everyone!
Come on, you can't dirty your
uniform before the entrance ceremony.
Say, Anya.
Why don't we drop by the supermarket?
Hm?
Loid said he'll be
coming home late tonight,
so I'll make you dinner!
Oh!
Can you?
Yes! I'll do my best!
Hey, is that Eden's uniform?
Hm?
So the woman next to her is the mom?
Must be a maid, right?
What kind of rich guys
would go shopping by themselves?
Oh, I could use some allowances now.
Me too.
Well, as long as there's meat
and vegetables, I should be good, right?
I can't tell which one and
what kind I should buy,
so I'll just buy every one of them.
Baa!
Anya will wait outside,
it's boring here!
Don't go too far away, okay!
Good day, Princess.
Be a good girl for us, okay?
We'll let you go once we've
got allowances from your maid.
Bad guys...!
Bullying and kidnapping
tend to happen at Eden...
It's real...!
I heard this uniform sells for a lot.
Oh, that's nice.
Now, Miss. If you could take off—
What are you doing...?
Oh, boy!
You gotta pay extra for the hospital now!
Give me your wallet, maid.
I've used all the money in my
wallet, so there's none left.
So please, take it.
Oh, really?
Then we'll just strip this girl
down and be done with her.
You'll be losing your job anyway,
so just go back to the
countryside, you shitty maid!
W-With bare hands...?!
I am her mother!
If you don't want to end
up like those vegetables,
get out of here right now!
Mother...
Are you okay?
I'm sorry. It's all because
I took my eyes off you...
There, there...
I've messed up our groceries, too...
I'm really a bad mother...
Anya loves a strong and cool mother!
There, there.
Finisher punch! Bam!
Y-You're embarrassing me...
Mother!
Train Anya how to do it!
T-Train?
I know it's dangerous
to be Eden's student.
But if I train and become
stronger, it won't be scary!
I can do my best at school
without having to die!
I want to be like you!
Though I can't act like a normal mother...
I'll just have to do
my best at what I can!
All right.
Let's go home and train now.
Training!
I'm home.
Hah!
Hm?
What are you two doing?
Preparing for school!
Hah!
- This is really nothing but worrying.
- Hah!
Hah!
You all are the chosen ones.
Through your own efforts,
and those of your parents,
you have successfully passed...
...through the narrow gates
of our Eden Academy.
To our glorious 228
new members of our school,
I congratulate you on joining us!
The whole Eden Academy
community warmly welcomes you all.
I've finally made it this far.
Father, there's a lot of people
wearing the same clothes as Anya!
Yes. That's what you call a uniform.
I still have mountains of problems, but...
Look, Twilight.
There's a condition if you want to
participate in Desmond's social gathering.
That is, your daughter must be
selected as one of the Imperial Scholars.
To do this, she will have to
be first in various subjects.
Remember, the future of the East
and West depends on this operation.
Making this girl an elite student...
I'm halfway through giving up on that.
Shock!
It's a bit of a stretch for her to always
be the best in this school,
which attracts just
exactly the best students.
Besides...
Next, we will now announce the class
placements and the homeroom teachers.
Please come forward when I say your name.
Class 1, the Spectre Hall.
William Howard.
Theodore Russel.
Grace Fain.
Jessica Clarke.
- Next is Class 2, the Cline Hall.
- Which class will Anya be in?
- I wonder about that, too.
- Next is Class 2, the Cline Hall.
Lucy Garrett.
Actually, I know it already.
- Because I altered some of
- Class 3, Cecil Hall.
- Because I altered some of the
class arrangements to suit the mission.
Alice Paulet.
- Edward Berkshire.
- So that Anya will be...
Damian Desmond.
...in the same class as that kid.
Target: Donovan Desmond's
second son, Damian.
That's Master Damian for you, Sir.
He followed in his brother's
footsteps and got into Eden.
I've already marked his name
when I found it on the candidate list.
Jesse Capel.
He's my Plan B in case of trouble on
making Anya an Imperial Scholar member.
I call it "Operation Buddy-Buddy"!
(Mission: 6 - Operation Buddy-Buddy)
1. Be in the same class as him
and become buddy-buddy-like with him.
2. Get invited by him
(Come on in!)
along with her parent, that is me.
3. Come into direct contact with my target.
(Welcome!) (Hello!)
3. Come into direct contact with the target.
Though I don't think it'll go so smoothly,
but it's always good to have insurance.
Anya Forger.
Go on now.
Back in the orphanage,
Anya had lived together with
so many children of her age.
I'll just believe
in her communication skills.
The child of the evil boss...
What's up with her...?
Oh, don't tell me...
She's fallen for my
handsomeness at first sight already?
She's got a keen eye, huh?
What a shy girl...
That's cute.
Becky Blackbell.
Sigh...
Nice to meet you!
Hm? That kid...
She's the daughter of the CEO of
a major military company, Blackbell!
Behind her is the daughter of
the vice chairman of the Parliament!
And there's the son of a VIP in the
Security Service among the boys too!
Her classmates are a gold mine of Intel!
You gotta get along with them, Anya!
He's so hell-bent when it
comes to his daughter, I see.
I'm Becky.
What's your name?
She looks so childish.
I could at least be
her caretaker, I guess.
Huh?!
Hey!
The homeroom teacher
will be Mr. Henderson.
Oh, the nice teacher!
So he wasn't fired, after all.
It seems unfair that a housemaster
is demoted to a homeroom teacher...
...for the grade students,
but I guess he's lucky enough
to have this as a punishment.
Hm... I'll go back to the basics
and properly educate them.
Ah...
Now, please follow your homeroom teachers...
...as they give you a tour on the school,
and head to your respective classroom.
As for the parents,
please wait in Ward C's lounge...
...and have a pleasant chat with each other.
I'm counting on you, Anya.
You have to figure things out
on your own from now.
Okey-dokey!
You there! Stay in line!
Huh!
Oh, this is so worrying...
Seeing your daughter off
really makes you anxious, right?
I feel you.
This is the cafeteria.
Our first-class chefs serve
elegant food here every day.
And beyond those doors...
...is another cafeteria exclusive
to the Imperial Scholars.
Anyone can become a Scholar,
as long as you do elegantly in class,
and receive eight Stella Stars.
You will do your best to be diligent now.
Yes, Sir!
In contrast, there are also punishments...
and expulsions depending on the
amount of Tonitrus Bolts you have,
so bear that in mind.
Why is he looking at me?
I bet you'll be a Scholar
in no time, Master Damian!
Obviously.
Of course!
I'm the son of the chairman of
the National Unity Party, you see.
- Huh?! Really?!
- Wow!
My papa said that Desmond Group
has been a great help to our family!
Hey!
Enough with the chit-chat!
That's just ridiculous.
What about you?
What does your dad do?
Depending on the job level, I might
consider adding you to my friend list.
I must endure it for the mission.
A Sp— splendid heart doctor.
So he's no big shot, huh.
I bet you're not even that rich.
Lame.
Anya wants to go to your house to play.
How dare you!
Know your place, pig!
What a brazen commoner we have here.
I'll catch your commoner germs, so get!
All right, time to unleash the
finisher punch now!
Look, Anya.
Huh!
Those who let their emotions
get the better of them...
...and assert their strength
can't be considered truly strong.
If you're just being teased,
just put on a smile, and you'll do fine.
Like a cool big sister.
Big sister...!
Also, a smile a day keeps a fight away.
You're so pathetic!
At least say something back to them!
Anya doesn't mind it a bit.
Huh...?!
Heh.
Wh-What the heck's that
condescending smile for?!
So much leeway!
She's just like an adult! Amazing!
I was mistaken to have
thought of her as childish!
You're surprisingly mature enough, huh!
I see you in a new light now!
Mature...
Heh...
Don't get so carried away, you pig!
You pig, pig, pig!
Master Damian, please
do mind your vocabulary...
What?
Sure, she's as ugly as a pig
compared to me,
but you don't have to go so far, do you?
Shut up!
You there! How many
times do I have to tell you?!
You want a bolt already on your first day?!
Damn!
How dare you put me to shame...
You won't get away with this!
You're a liar, Mother.
The smile does nothing.
Heh.
Cut it out already, or I'll report you!
You got proof that we did it?
Right, right!
Out of the way.
Hey, smirking pig.
I'm going to bully you to
my heart's content from now.
And I'm also going to rip that smirk off
your face that you can't use it again.
Even if she starts crying,
her heart doctor papa will cure him!
Wow, now that's amazing!
Good for you, eh!
Hey, where are you looking?
You scared?
What's going on there?!
Sir! This girl just hit Master Damian!
Huh!
I was just stretching out my hand
and he happened to be in front of me...
Liar!
Why are you trying to fool him?!
Wait, you were actually checking if Mr.
Henderson was watching us earlier, right?!
You got proof that I did it?
Isn't this enough proof of
your big, heavy punch?!
I would be ashamed of myself
if I testified perjury, Anya Forger.
You've got it wrong, Sir!
She's been holding back the whole time,
but these guys...
So it's true that you did hit him.
Look, Anya.
Huh!
The right time to use force...
...is, for example, when you have to help
your friend in a tight spot...
H-He stepped...
...on her foot earlier...
So Anya got mad...
I'm sorry...
You did it for me?!
Anya...
- Thank you!
- While she contained her personal resentment,
- she also has the spirit
- I'm so touched!
- to stand firm against boys
for the sake of her friend.
Elegant indeed, Anya Forger.
However...
So Desmond and his wife
never showed up, huh.
Well, there's no rush.
As long as Anya's admitted here,
- Attention, please!
- I have all the time I need.
- The students have finished
- I've also developed
- with their orientation,
- a reasonable network of contacts.
so please gather at the courtyard.
We'll be doing a group photo shoot there.
Where's Anya?
Forger.
Come with me.
She hit a boy...?
Are you hurt?
And it's Desmond's son,
- out of all people...
- In a normal case,
- What the heck happened...?
- an act of violence results in
an instant three Tonitrus Bolts.
But I used my discretion
and only gave her one.
No further concessions can be made.
I'm sorry, Loid!
It's because I trained her
for the finisher punch...
I'll inform the boy's parents as well.
(Plan A - Plan B)
We've lost a point already
on the first day of school...
(Plan A - Plan B)
And Anya's relationship with Damian
has plummeted, too...
All right! I'm taking the picture now!
You three on the far right!
Come on, smile more!
Cheese!
(Stella Stars Left for Scholarship: 8)
(Tonitrus Bolts Left for Expulsion: 7)
(Friendship Points with Damian: -100)
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 7 - Target: The Second Son)